Argentina has all the conditions for the generation of bioenergies in
all its forms from crops and agricultural and livestock residues and agro
industrial sectors, becoming one of the main producers of
biofuels
against the diversification of energy sources together with a
growing contemplation of the environmental effects that they bring about
integral use of biomass the inta intervenes through its
national bioenergy program
within the framework of this program the waste and waste project is developed
agricultural crops for the production of biofuels p ng 1400 11
with the purpose of studying and optimizing the integral use of
biomass for energy purposes
as part of that project in the experimental station of manfredi it
developed the sorghum module for bioenergy with the participation of
other Inca units
you can get ethanol from your group from the white grain starch or
red without condensed tannins or from the case of the case in the latter
case with a technology similar to obtaining ethanol from the
sugar cane
Obtaining bioethanol from these easily convertible sugars
it's known as biofuels first-generation technologies
can also be obtained from the cellulosic biomass cellulosic pollen of sorghum
or anything ubeda sugary sorghum for the production of ethanol
in that of that therefore of the grain starch as of the whole plant with
This type of stem that allocate more than 70 tons
70 100 tons free workshop per heat detailed leaf clean per hectare
with high concentration of sugar more than 18 degrees brito
in this way similar to sugarcane
we can have in ethanol and at this moment in the new world scenario
of the use of fuel employment of heresy pinion this material is
constitute an important alternative and what is already
a comment of the origin experimentation in the designs
our origin in the noa and also the north of that context to
complemented sugarcane after the harvest today immediately Antilles
both for energy day and for obtaining bioethanol
meanwhile manual
the stick orders for sugary sorghum farizano
on going
with the male line of ourense this category
you have about that company hitwise to get an easy money to offer
and so the politicization of the matter is made
the inta manfredi
In addition to the development of lines, sorghum hybrids are created and
fierce and sugary with special agro-industrial characteristics for vigo
Energy
materials with drought resistance are evaluated and selected in trials
made in different locations
Likewise
The response is studied and evaluated by sugar-coated sorghums
different environments
seeking the optimization of the crop and the ecological regions of greater
adaptation and potential possibilities of it